Guess I'll head to work.
I can make 60,000 a month cutting trees.
For the kidney, I got 1,200,000.
For my right eye, 300,000.
And for one of my balls...
How much did I get for it, again?
I don't think it was even 100,000.
And I'm still in debt...
to the tune of 38,040,000.
I know, Pochita.
Let's go kill one.
I can make around 300,000 from killing just one devil.
Yup, nothing beats being a devil hunter.
This is a tomato devil.
It can come back from its seeds,
so you should burn it.
Good work, Denji.
This one's corpse will fetch a hefty sum on the black market.
I'll give you 400,000.
Thanks!
Minus your loan repayments and interest, that's 170,000.
Then after accounting for the brokerage fee,
admin fee, overheads, and so on...
I'm left with 70,000.
And after paying the water bill and some of my other debts...
Would you look at that?
Only 1,800 yen left.
There's no food at home,
and we've gotta survive the month on this.
Pochita, today's meal is one slice of bread.
Why d'ya keep a brat like that
'round as a devil hunter?
He's repaying his debt to us.
Well, really it's the debt his piece-of-shit father left when he died.
But how can a kid who's got a devil for a pet really be a devil hunter, y'know?
Put it this way, a real devil hunter
would never sell the corpses to yakuza like us.
The good thing about Denji is that he's obedient.
Yo, pooch!
I'll give ya 100 yen to eat this smoke.
Really?!
Don't mind if I do!
I'll call you when another devil shows up.
And if you try to run, I'll feed you to the pigs.
We've got enough for three days' food.
I heard something the other day.
People normally put jam on their bread.
Well, being normal would be a dream come true.
Don't think I'll pay off all this debt before I die.
And I'll probably never have a girlfriend.
Can't bring a girl back to a shack like this.
Got no money to take her out on a date, either.
If I could have just one dream come true,
it'd be to sleep with a woman before I die.
Went and hung himself without even making this month's repayment.
Kid, I don't care if you have to beg or sell your body.
Get me 700,000 yen by tomorrow.
Otherwise I'll chop up your corpse and sell the pieces.
A-A chainsaw?!
It's a devil.
If you want to kill me, go ahead.
I'm dead anyway.
It's hurt.
Are you gonna die too?
Bite me!
I've heard that devils can heal by drinking blood.
Bite me if you wanna live!
My blood ain't free, though.
This is a contract.
I'm saving your life,
so you gotta save mine.
I wanna live too, after all.
Would you hire me as a devil hunter?
Too hungry to fall asleep.
And lying here, all I can think about is my debt,
which makes it even harder to fall asleep.
I know what I want to dream of tonight.
I'm gonna put jam on bread,
eat it together with you,
fool around with a girl,
play video games with her,
and fall asleep holding her in my arms.
Sounds good, right?
I heard that my mom died from some heart illness that made her cough up blood.
Denji, we have a devil. Time for work.
At least let me have my night-time dream.
A devil showed up in a place like this?
I don't see it.
Is it hiding?
Maybe it's gone already.
Denji.
We're grateful to you, you know.
Huh? Okay.
You're obedient like a dog.
And you work for scraps like a dog.
But I hate the stench of dogs.
You see, as yakuza,
we want to become stronger so that we can make more money.
So we decided to make a contract with a devil, like you did.
We want the power that they can provide.
And what I want is the death of all devil hunters!
Little devil hunter.
These guys are real stupid.
Absolute idiots.
Just the promise of devil powers was enough for them to willingly become my slaves.
Little did they know that power would turn them into zombies.
Because I'm a zombie devil.
And I hate devil hunters, because they kill us devils.
So I kill them.
Guys, tear him apart, and then throw the pieces in the trash or something.
Shit!
The exit...
Let go!
It's not like I wanted to be rich.
I just wanted a normal life.
But I couldn't even have that!
Pochita!
Pochita, we have work to do.
Pochita, I might die while fighting devils.
If that happens, leaving you on your own would be my only regret.
Are you going to starve to death?
Are you going to be killed by another devil hunter?
I've heard that some devils can take over the bodies of dead humans.
If you can do that,
I want you to have my body.
When I die, the yakuza will finally stop coming after me.
Then you can leave this town.
And then...
Yeah.
You can live a normal life, and die like a normal person.
Make my dream come true.
Pochita?!
Did you manage to take over my body?
I've loved listening to you talk about your dreams.
This is a contract.
I'll give you my heart.
In exchange, let me see your dreams come true.
Pochita!
I'm not hurt?!
Pochita...
Huh? What's going on?
You're alive after being torn to pieces?
How come? Gross!
This is why I hate devil hunters.
Guys, eat him!
Why did these guys go looking for an even better life
when they already had it so good?
Maybe I'm no different.
The happiness I had from having Pochita with me wasn't enough.
I still dreamed of a better life.
Right. Everyone has their dreams.
Then I suppose it's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing,
but if you interfere with mine,
you can fuckin' die!
No way he'd survive being eaten.
What the hell?!
Did that puny devil take over his body?
Are you on our side now?
Ouch.
No! That hurts!
Stay away!
Get fucked!
Stay away! Stay away! Stay away!
Stay away! Stay away!
Don't come near me!
Die!
Looks like you lot have become devils to the core.
Since you did pay me to be a devil hunter,
I'd better do my job and kill you all, then!
Oh, yeah!
If I kill every last one of you,
then I can wave goodbye to my debt too!
Someone beat us to it.
There's one still alive.
Oh?
You smell interesting.
Neither like a human, nor like a demon.
Is this your handiwork?
H-Hold me...
He's human.
Could he be possessed by a devil?
No.
I would be able to tell from his face.
I came here to kill the zombie devil.
I'm a devil hunter from the Public Safety Bureau.
You have a choice.
You can be a devil that I kill.
Or you can be my human pet.
Know that I feed my pets properly.
You'd feed me?
What would I get for breakfast?
Hmm...
Bread with butter and jam, salad, coffee,
and then maybe something for dessert, I guess.
What?
That sounds awesome.